fix: "dev:exec" command description (#6803)
netlify/cli: docs/commands/dev.md

---
## `dev:exec`

> Runs a command within the netlify dev environment, e.g. with env variables from any installed addons

Reviewer: Missed one here (I'll push it):
```suggestion
Runs a command within the netlify dev environment. For example, with environment variables from any installed add-ons
```
